com/example/healthyrate/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/healthyrate/Update_Test_Result.java
 com.example.healthyrate.Update_Test_Result
 com.example.healthyrate.Update_Test_Result$1
 com.example.healthyrate.Update_Test_Result$2
com/example/healthyrate/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.healthyrate.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/ActivityCovidTestAppointmentBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.ActivityCovidTestAppointmentBinding
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/ItemBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.ItemBinding
com/example/healthyrate/Model.java
 com.example.healthyrate.Model
com/example/healthyrate/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.healthyrate.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/ActivityCovidTestResultBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.ActivityCovidTestResultBinding
com/example/healthyrate/Covid_Test_Appointment.java
 com.example.healthyrate.Covid_Test_Appointment
 com.example.healthyrate.Covid_Test_Appointment$1
 com.example.healthyrate.Covid_Test_Appointment$2
 com.example.healthyrate.Covid_Test_Appointment$3
 com.example.healthyrate.Covid_Test_Appointment$4
 com.example.healthyrate.Covid_Test_Appointment$5
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/ActivitySearchTestResultBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.ActivitySearchTestResultBinding
com/example/healthyrate/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.healthyrate.BuildConfig
com/example/healthyrate/ShowActivity.java
 com.example.healthyrate.ShowActivity
 com.example.healthyrate.ShowActivity$1
com/example/healthyrate/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.healthyrate.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.healthyrate.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/ActivityUpdateTestResultBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.ActivityUpdateTestResultBinding
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/healthyrate/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.healthyrate.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.healthyrate.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/healthyrate/patients.java
 com.example.healthyrate.patients
com/example/healthyrate/MyAdapter.java
 com.example.healthyrate.MyAdapter
 com.example.healthyrate.MyAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/ActivityOxygenLevelCalculateBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.ActivityOxygenLevelCalculateBinding
com/example/healthyrate/Oxygen_level_calculate.java
 com.example.healthyrate.Oxygen_level_calculate
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/ActivityDeleteTestReportBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.ActivityDeleteTestReportBinding
com/example/healthyrate/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.healthyrate.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/ActivityShowBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.ActivityShowBinding
com/example/healthyrate/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.healthyrate.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.healthyrate.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/healthyrate/MainActivity.java
 com.example.healthyrate.MainActivity
 com.example.healthyrate.MainActivity$1
com/example/healthyrate/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.healthyrate.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/healthyrate/Result.java
 com.example.healthyrate.Result
com/example/healthyrate/Covid_Test_Result.java
 com.example.healthyrate.Covid_Test_Result
 com.example.healthyrate.Covid_Test_Result$1
 com.example.healthyrate.Covid_Test_Result$1$1
com/example/healthyrate/Delete_Test_Report.java
 com.example.healthyrate.Delete_Test_Report
 com.example.healthyrate.Delete_Test_Report$1
 com.example.healthyrate.Delete_Test_Report$2
com/example/healthyrate/Search_Test_Result.java
 com.example.healthyrate.Search_Test_Result
 com.example.healthyrate.Search_Test_Result$1
 com.example.healthyrate.Search_Test_Result$2
